reorg contributor docs (#29101)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/architecture/mdm/automated-device-enrollment.md

The ADE architecture integrates with platform-specific enrollment programs (Apple Business Manager/Apple School Manager for Apple devices) to automatically enroll devices when they are activated.

## Key Components

- **Enrollment Program Integration**: Integration with platform-specific enrollment programs.
- **Device Assignment**: Mapping between devices and enrollment configurations.
- **Enrollment Profiles**: Configurations applied during the enrollment process.
- **Synchronization**: Mechanisms to synchronize device information with enrollment programs.

## Architecture Diagram

```
[Placeholder for Automated Device Enrollment Architecture Diagram]
```

## Platform-Specific Implementation

### Apple Automated Device Enrollment

For Apple devices, ADE (formerly known as DEP) involves the following components:

- **Apple Business Manager/Apple School Manager**: Web portals for managing device enrollment.
- **MDM Server Tokens**: Tokens that authenticate the MDM server with Apple's services.
- **Enrollment Profiles**: Configurations that define the enrollment experience.
- **Device Assignments**: Mapping between devices and enrollment profiles.

#### Synchronization Process

> Synchronization of devices from all ABM tokens uploaded to Fleet happens in the `dep_syncer` cron job, which runs every 30 seconds.

Reviewer: 1 minute. See: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/2f67a87e53b90e703d586aef8a4d7d60ba88ddd0/server/config/config.go#L1403

> Synchronization of devices from all ABM tokens uploaded to Fleet happens in the `dep_syncer` cron job, which runs every 30 seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
Synchronization of devices from all ABM tokens uploaded to Fleet happens in the `dep_syncer` cron job, which runs every 1 minute.
```

We keep a record of all devices ingested via the ADE sync in the `host_dep_assignments` table. Entries in this table are soft-deleted.

On every run, we pull the list of added/modified/deleted devices and:

1. If the host was added/modified, we:

>    - Create/match a row in the `hosts` table for the new host. This allows IT admin to move the host between teams before it turns on MDM or has `fleetd` installed.

Reviewer 2: Going to remove the allows them to switch teams because I don't think you can

>    - Create/match a row in the `hosts` table for the new host. This allows IT admin to move the host between teams before it turns on MDM or has `fleetd` installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Create/match a row in the `hosts` table for the new host. This allows IT admin to view the host by serial in team lists before it turns on MDM or has `fleetd` installed.
```

>    - Assign the corresponding JSON profile to each host using ABM's APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Always assign a JSON profile for added devices. We assign JSON profile for modified devices if the profile has not been modified according to Apple DEP device response.
```
